[Autogenerated] All right, let's get our configuration deployed.
And the way we're going to do that is go over to commands and we are
going to initializer are terra form configuration.
But first, we have to fill out some information here.
Since we're storing our state remotely first, we'll fill out the bucket name.
All right, there we go.
That is our application bucket name, and we scroll over.
We need to fill out that dynamodb table name.
All right, we have our dynamo DB table set as well.
So we can grab that entire command and we'll open up the
terminal down below and go ahead and paste that in.
And now it will initializer that back end,
download the modules and plug ins,
and we will be ready to go to plan our deployment.
All right, let's go ahead and plan that deployment out.
Go ahead and copy this command for terra form plan.
Go ahead and run that,
and it's going to create all the resources that we
just went through in the main TF.
You can see it's also refreshing the state from our
network state that flew by pretty quickly.
So maybe I'll scroll back up and take a look at that.
All right,
so if we scroll back up to the beginning when it started to
do things you can see it is refreshing.
State for ______ form remote state .NET work so it was able to
successfully go out and access the object in the S3 bucket
that has the remote state in it.
That's very exciting.
So our plan went successfully.
It's going to deploy all these objects.
Let's go ahead and run terra form apply.
Now it is creating an RDS instance.
It's creating a C two instances.
It's creating an application load bouncer out of all of our deployments.
This one's going to take a while.
So through the magic of editing will go ahead and fade to when
the entire thing deploy successfully and just take a look at
what's going on in the console.
All right, it looks like it finished successfully and arts.
Glad you didn't wait because that was 10 minutes of just
watching that screen go buying it.
Usually the database is what takes the longest to create.
Let's go over to the console real quick and see what got provisioned.
All right, here we are in the AWS console,
and we've got our database that looks like it's been deployed.
Globo Dev Dash D B.
Let's go ahead and click on that.
And if we scroll down to the networking area we can see,
it's using the Dev vpc just like we intended.
And it's using these sub net group DevOps Dash vpc.
So that's perfect.
It is all set and ready to go.
Let's go over to E.
C two.
There we go, loading up E C two.
And if we scroll down on the left,
we can see we've got our load balancers down here and
we've got a single load bouncer.
Our Web server a L B.
Let's go ahead and expand up the bottom a little bit.
And if we look over in listeners,
we've got one listener that's listening on Port 80.
If we go down to our auto scale groups, we've got our Web servers,
auto scale group we can look at the instances here and see the two
instances that were deployed and they're both healthy and they're
in two different availability zones.
That's also what we wanted.
So let's go back to our load bounce are here.
We'll grab the DNS.
Name of our load.
Bouncer.
Open up a new tab and paste it in.
And there we go.
We get the engine NICs loading page.
So everything set up correctly.
We know that Joshua Magee is gonna be super pumped. Now, let's talk about CloudFormation templates.